We've got some docker file and a docker ignore wired up to our post service.
We now need to make sure that we can dock rise all of our other services as well, because all these
other services are just about identical in nature to posts.
In other words, they use node and they all have the same startup command of NPM start.
We can really just use the exact same Docker, ignore and docker file with all the other ones.
So we're really just going to take those two files and copy paste them all around.
This is true even of the React project.
The React project uses Node as a in a base environment, and it also gets started with NPM start as
well.
So let's get to it inside my post directory, I'll find the Docker ignore and Docker files.
I'm going to highlight both them, copy them and I will paste them into query.
I will paste them into moderation.
Or pays them into event bus.
Into comments.
And finally into client.
So naturally, if we had all these services being created using different languages or even some kind
of subtle different environment or something like that, like let's say a different version of Node.
Or maybe the startup command was different, who knows?
Then we would want to customize the Docker file for every service.
But because we were designing this project ahead of time and we had a pretty good idea of what was going
to happen at some point in time in the future.
I said, Hey, let's just go ahead and make these Docker files or write each of these projects so we
can have identical Docker files for each one.
But again, for a normal project, you would probably end up doing some kind of customization.
All right.
So just to make sure that everything works correctly, let's just pick one of these services at random
and make sure that we can build an image out of it.
So how about how about the event bus?
Let's try that out.
Back at my terminal.
I'm going to change into the event bus directory and let's just go ahead and try to build an image.
I don't really expect to see any air.
We're just doing this to make sure nothing's going to go wrong.
So inside the event bus directory, I'll do a Docker build dot and of course, if we wanted to, we
could also tag this.
So if we wanted to.
So go ahead and run that command.
We're going to go through the same steps.
So we start off with Node as our base image.
Set up the working directory.
Copy over packaged JSON, install dependencies.
Copy over all the other source code from our project and then set up the default command.
And now we can take either the image ID or just the tag right here.
Do a Docker run and then put in the image ID or the tag.
And there we go.
All right.
So we've now dollarized, more or less.
We haven't actually created images out of all these other services, but we certainly have the means
to do so.
So we've now more or less Docker ized our entire project, which means we're now going to take a pause,
come back the next video and start to discuss Kubernetes.
We're going to start to see how we can use Kubernetes beyond what we just discussed about how it works
over here.
A little bit ago, to run all these different containers and get all these containers communicating
together very easily.